Fix faulty tests for `createAppointment` (#2767)
exercism/javascript: exercises/concept/appointment-time/.docs/hints.md

- You need to create a new date. The introduction elaborates on the different ways.
- `Date.now()` gives you current time in milliseconds

> - `Date` has several getter methods to get date components - months, hours, etc. - for a given date. `getMinutes`, for instance, returns the minutes component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Date` has several getter methods, listed in the introduction, to get date components.  Can you use one of those methods?
```

> - Likewise, `Date` has several setter methods to set those components, rolling over into "higher" components if needed. `setMinutes(80)`, for example, will increase the hours component by one and set the minutes component to 20.

Reviewer: I like the hint, but for consistency with the other hints provided, i wonder if it's not better to refer the learners to the introduction (see hint 2 for example).

On the other hand, the new hint is on point, maybe it can stay. idk, opinions wanted

Author: I'm good with either option.

Reviewer: Okay then, @BadIdeaException let's have the hints refer to the instructions like the other ones.

> - Likewise, `Date` has several setter methods to set those components, rolling over into "higher" components if needed. `setMinutes(80)`, for example, will increase the hours component by one and set the minutes component to 20.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Likewise, `Date` has several setter methods to set those components, rolling over into "higher" components if needed. 
```
